## What is Docker?
###PACKAGE YOUR APPLICATION INTO A STANDARDIZED UNIT FOR SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT
Docker containers wrap a piece of software in a complete filesystem that contains everything needed to run: code, runtime, system tools, system libraries – anything that can be installed on a server. This guarantees that the software will always run the same, regardless of its environment.


###LIGHTWEIGHT
Containers running on a single machine share the same operating system kernel; they start instantly and use less RAM. Images are constructed from layered filesystems and share common files, making disk usage and image downloads much more efficient.

###OPEN
Docker containers are based on open standards, enabling containers to run on all major Linux distributions and on Microsoft Windows -- and on top of any infrastructure.

###SECURE BY DEFAULT
Containers isolate applications from one another and the underlying infrastructure, while providing an added layer of protection for the application. 

## Docker的核心是LXC
Linux 容器工具 Linux® Containers（LXC）

LXC 项目由一个 Linux 内核补丁和一些 userspace 工具组成。这些 userspace 工具使用由补丁增加的内核新特性，提供一套简化的工具来维护容器。

## LXC introduction from WIKI
LXC (Linux Containers) is an operating-system-level virtualization method for running multiple isolated Linux systems (containers) on a control host using a single Linux kernel.

The Linux kernel provides the cgroups functionality that allows limitation and prioritization of resources (CPU, memory, block I/O, network, etc.) without the need for starting any virtual machines, and namespace isolation functionality that allows complete isolation of an applications' view of the operating environment, including process trees, networking, user IDs and mounted file systems.[3]

LXC combines kernel's cgroups and support for isolated namespaces to provide an isolated environment for applications. Docker can also use LXC as one of its execution drivers, enabling image management and providing deployment services.

